vault/computer-science.platform.salesforce.my-apps.md, before:

---
id: 2178d12c-aad6-4bac-b1c4-e3f691f72c1d
title: My-apps
desc: ''
updated: 1604869871183
created: 1604331745347
---

### Apps created | on developer edition

- [My Trailblazer journey](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/en/content/learn/projects/build-an-app-to-track-your-trailblazer-journey?trail_id=build-your-career-with-salesforce-skills) 

- [Build a Battle Station App](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/projects/workshop-battle-station?trailmix_creator_id=strailhead&trailmix_slug=prepare-for-your-salesforce-platform-app-builder-credential) 

- [Build an Event Registration App](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/en/content/learn/projects/build-an-event-registration-app)

## to do:
- [ ] [Build Platform Apps in Lightning Experience](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/en/content/learn/trails/build-platform-apps-in-lightning-experience)

- [ ] [Discount Calculator](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/en/content/learn/projects/flow_calculate)

- [ ] [Build a suggestion box App](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/en/content/learn/projects/suggestion_box)

- [ ] [Discover Trailhead sample Apps](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/en/content/learn/trails/discover-trailhead-sample-apps)

- [ ] [to be ready to build App for the AppExchange, do this trail first](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/en/content/learn/trails/isv_developer_beginner)

- [ ] [Discover Trailhead Sample Apps](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/en/content/learn/trails/discover-trailhead-sample-apps)

Commit message:

implementing journal and notes on SF apps and for exams

vault/computer-science.platform.salesforce.my-apps.md, after:

---
id: 2178d12c-aad6-4bac-b1c4-e3f691f72c1d
title: My-apps
desc: ''
updated: 1605122726697
created: 1604331745347
---

### Apps created | on developer edition

- [My Trailblazer journey](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/en/content/learn/projects/build-an-app-to-track-your-trailblazer-journey?trail_id=build-your-career-with-salesforce-skills) 

- [Build a Battle Station App](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/projects/workshop-battle-station?trailmix_creator_id=strailhead&trailmix_slug=prepare-for-your-salesforce-platform-app-builder-credential) 

- [Build an Event Registration App](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/en/content/learn/projects/build-an-event-registration-app)

## to do:
- [ ] [Build Platform Apps in Lightning Experience](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/en/content/learn/trails/build-platform-apps-in-lightning-experience)

- [ ] [Discount Calculator](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/en/content/learn/projects/flow_calculate)


- [ ] [Discover Trailhead sample Apps](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/en/content/learn/trails/discover-trailhead-sample-apps)

- [ ] [to be ready to build App for the AppExchange, do this trail first](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/en/content/learn/trails/isv_developer_beginner)

- [ ] [Discover Trailhead Sample Apps](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/en/content/learn/trails/discover-trailhead-sample-apps)

## DONE
- [x] [Build a suggestion box App](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/en/content/learn/projects/suggestion_box)
<details><summary>
Notes on App
</summary>


Good example of how to build a simple but useful App.
- create custom object
- create a tab
- create App
- implement data model with schema builder
    - About the usage of schema-builder: when you add fields to the Objects from here, in order to see them, you need to add therm to the Page Layout
- change the Page Layout items
- add a Validation rules to a field
- create a process that on action update a record to a pre-defined value
- create a button as a global action to prompt a new record creation
    - When you create a Global-action, you need to add it to the Publisher Layouts in order to see it.
- create some reports and then a dashboard
</details>
