vault/salesforce-platform.solving-business-problem.md, before:

---
id: 63fbd198-3924-471e-9377-effe9453aceb
title: Solving-business-problem
desc: ''
updated: 1604749053221
created: 1604351356138
---

## How to solve a business problem

Step by step [^1]

[^1]: Reference [Trailhead](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/salesforce-skills-and-experience-building/identify-and-document-a-business-problem?trail_id=build-your-career-with-salesforce-skills)


### How to choose a business case to solve?

1. Image you want to work for a Company, think about this:

|checked | what | notes |
|--|--|--|
|  | Understand their business, google their Company | |
|  | Put in their customer's shoes; which problem oyu may have? | |
|  | put yourself in the shoes of a decision-maker at that company; which decisions they're making? | |
|  | examine their products ans services; How can they be mroe efficient? | |

2. Try to identify an issue that affects you personally and create a solution for it.

---
### Document the Business case

In order to solve to solve real-world business problems, you can start showing you understand the problem: 

Document | Description
---------|------------
User Stories | Document the user roles impacted by the problem and explain how the solution benefits users.
Business Case | To give stakeholders the information they need to approve and fund the project, describe the problem, propose a solution (with timeline), and provide a cost-benefit analysis.
Project Plan | Define milestones, tasks, work items, and deliverables.

#### create User Stories [^2] : 
[^2]: general explanation of a software feature written from the perspective of the end user

1. ex. user stories for a recruiting app: 
    - As an applicant, I want to hear quickly whether I’ve been accepted or rejected, so that I can prepare for the interview or move on.
    - As a recruiter, I want to quickly make decisions about an applicant and select candidates to move forward, so that I can focus on the best candidates for the role.

2. Break the user stories into tasks.
...

 #### create a business case
It shows the beneficts of the projects to stakeholders
So, what a business case can answer?

Who | What | How | When | Why
----|------|-----|------|----
Who will the solution impact? |What is the goal of the project? |How will the solution impact the business? | When will the project take place? |Why is the project needed?

A business case should contain this sections:

1. Executive Summary (What? Why? How?)
State what the project is, why it’s needed, and how it will impact the business.
2. Current Process
Show the current process flow in a diagram. Be creative here. Imagine a manual process with manual steps or highlight inefficient processes.
3. Proposed New Process
Show the proposed process flow in a diagram. Describe in detail how the new process will improve efficiency and what will be automated.
4. Recommendations (Why? Who?)
Explain why you are proposing this product and describe its benefits. Remember to keep it nontechnical and to highlight who will be impacted by the change.
5. Timeline (When?)
Estimate the timeline at a high level, either written out or in a Gantt chart. This section details when the work will take place. This doesn’t take the place of your project plan, but gives an overview of the timeline.
6. Financial Impact
Outline the budget for this project. Provide a breakdown of costs by department, and estimate how much money and time the new process will save.

### Time to starting building a solution

1. create a demo: 
   Trailhead modules:
   - [Demo Storytelling](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/demo-storytelling-public) #storyboard (used to orga nize thoughts) #hero-journey
   - [Demo Delivery Essentials](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/en/content/learn/modules/demo-delivery-essentials-public)

Outline:
- [ ] beginning: identify what you will cover during the demo and set expectations
- [ ] middle: identify the problems their business faces and how your application solves them
- [ ] end: summarize key points and highlight takeaway

 ### Overcoming the experience gap
 
 Resume | Cover Letter
--------|-------------
Lists your jobs and education| Explains how your experience makes you a good fit for the job that you’re applying for
Contains just the facts | Tells the reader why you’re interested in this role at this company
Presented in sections with bullets | Formatted as a business letter (or email) with three to four paragraphs
Updated periodically, and adapted to each job role | Unique for each position and tailored to the job description, company, and industry of each position you apply for

### Demostrate how can solve Business problems using:
 #Business-Knowledge, #Problem-solving and #Critical-Thinking using the IDEAL method:
 
 I—Identify the root cause of the problem.
D—Define exactly what the problem is, in a single sentence.
E—Explore possible solutions, capturing the pros and cons of each option.
A—Act on your preferred solution. Implement it.
L—Look critically at the completed solution. How can you improve it? Is there anything you’d do differently the next time?

#### [Innovation Customer Discovery](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/innovation_customer_discovery?trail_id=innovation_salesforce_way)
 
#### [Innovation Solution Trail](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/innovation_solution)

#### [Project management Plan Lite](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/project-management-plan-lite)

[test]

Commit message:

daily tasks and notes on choosing tools

vault/salesforce-platform.solving-business-problem.md, after:

---
id: 63fbd198-3924-471e-9377-effe9453aceb
title: Solving-business-problem
desc: ''
updated: 1605788894439
created: 1604351356138
---


## Which automation tool to choose?
- [[ Automation tools? | salesforce-platform.solving-business-problem.which-automation-tool]]


## How to solve a business problem

Step by step [^1]

[^1]: Reference [Trailhead](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/salesforce-skills-and-experience-building/identify-and-document-a-business-problem?trail_id=build-your-career-with-salesforce-skills)


### How to choose a business case to solve?

1. Image you want to work for a Company, think about this:

|checked | what | notes |
|--|--|--|
|  | Understand their business, google their Company | |
|  | Put in their customer's shoes; which problem oyu may have? | |
|  | put yourself in the shoes of a decision-maker at that company; which decisions they're making? | |
|  | examine their products ans services; How can they be mroe efficient? | |

2. Try to identify an issue that affects you personally and create a solution for it.

---
### Document the Business case

In order to solve to solve real-world business problems, you can start showing you understand the problem: 

Document | Description
---------|------------
User Stories | Document the user roles impacted by the problem and explain how the solution benefits users.
Business Case | To give stakeholders the information they need to approve and fund the project, describe the problem, propose a solution (with timeline), and provide a cost-benefit analysis.
Project Plan | Define milestones, tasks, work items, and deliverables.

#### create User Stories [^2] : 
[^2]: general explanation of a software feature written from the perspective of the end user

1. ex. user stories for a recruiting app: 
    - As an applicant, I want to hear quickly whether I’ve been accepted or rejected, so that I can prepare for the interview or move on.
    - As a recruiter, I want to quickly make decisions about an applicant and select candidates to move forward, so that I can focus on the best candidates for the role.

2. Break the user stories into tasks.
...

 #### create a business case
It shows the beneficts of the projects to stakeholders
So, what a business case can answer?

Who | What | How | When | Why
----|------|-----|------|----
Who will the solution impact? |What is the goal of the project? |How will the solution impact the business? | When will the project take place? |Why is the project needed?

A business case should contain this sections:

1. Executive Summary (What? Why? How?)
State what the project is, why it’s needed, and how it will impact the business.
2. Current Process
Show the current process flow in a diagram. Be creative here. Imagine a manual process with manual steps or highlight inefficient processes.
3. Proposed New Process
Show the proposed process flow in a diagram. Describe in detail how the new process will improve efficiency and what will be automated.
4. Recommendations (Why? Who?)
Explain why you are proposing this product and describe its benefits. Remember to keep it nontechnical and to highlight who will be impacted by the change.
5. Timeline (When?)
Estimate the timeline at a high level, either written out or in a Gantt chart. This section details when the work will take place. This doesn’t take the place of your project plan, but gives an overview of the timeline.
6. Financial Impact
Outline the budget for this project. Provide a breakdown of costs by department, and estimate how much money and time the new process will save.

### Time to starting building a solution

1. create a demo: 
   Trailhead modules:
   - [Demo Storytelling](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/demo-storytelling-public) #storyboard (used to orga nize thoughts) #hero-journey
   - [Demo Delivery Essentials](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/en/content/learn/modules/demo-delivery-essentials-public)

Outline:
- [ ] beginning: identify what you will cover during the demo and set expectations
- [ ] middle: identify the problems their business faces and how your application solves them
- [ ] end: summarize key points and highlight takeaway

 ### Overcoming the experience gap
 
 Resume | Cover Letter
--------|-------------
Lists your jobs and education| Explains how your experience makes you a good fit for the job that you’re applying for
Contains just the facts | Tells the reader why you’re interested in this role at this company
Presented in sections with bullets | Formatted as a business letter (or email) with three to four paragraphs
Updated periodically, and adapted to each job role | Unique for each position and tailored to the job description, company, and industry of each position you apply for

### Demostrate how can solve Business problems using:
 #Business-Knowledge, #Problem-solving and #Critical-Thinking using the IDEAL method:
 
 I—Identify the root cause of the problem.
D—Define exactly what the problem is, in a single sentence.
E—Explore possible solutions, capturing the pros and cons of each option.
A—Act on your preferred solution. Implement it.
L—Look critically at the completed solution. How can you improve it? Is there anything you’d do differently the next time?

#### [Innovation Customer Discovery](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/innovation_customer_discovery?trail_id=innovation_salesforce_way)
 
#### [Innovation Solution Trail](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/innovation_solution)

#### [Project management Plan Lite](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/project-management-plan-lite)

[test]
